my name is Jesper Parnevik I'm an actor
sport photographer were you going on an
adventure right now I spent a lot of
hours traveling I like the time on my
own where I can relax and I can recover
I can think about new ideas new concepts
that's really something that a lot about
this job and still it's it's a bit of a
contrast for when I'm going to an
assignment I need to be social I need to
be focused and I still need to perform
and be creative this is a day before the
event and we right now we are looking at
the course already now I can start to
imagine angles and scenarios going to
happen we just arrived here at the hotel
I'm going to bed I need to sleep so I
can be ready for tomorrow
so this is the day of the event it's
looking good it's going to be a fun day
and already
two hours 7 kilometers
I just arrived back at the studio after
I could ride from from YouTube all right
now I'm just doing the last touch up
there with the English sir and that is
pretty much it when I'm working with top
athletes in the events like this Oracle
events that really motivates me I can
see that they're trying the best that
they can do that inspires me to do the
best that I can do